[CAM-9090] There are several improvements to the billing page (#2542)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Billing/billing-menu.md

* The user should be at the organization level scope to access the Billing option in the left side menu.

### Billing Dashboard

> When you click on **Billing** in the left side menu you will land into a dashboard page, where a bar graph with the billed amount for the previous months will be shown. You can change the range of months being shown in the bars graph by selecting a different value in the date filter and you can also select the usage types you want to display with the content type filter..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on **Billing** in the left side menu you will land into a dashboard page, where a bar graph with the billed amount for the previous months will be shown. You can change the range of months being shown in the bars graph by selecting a different value in the date filter and you can also select the consumption categories you want to display with the consumption category type filter.
```

> ![Billing Dashboard](../../images/cloud-application-manager/billing/billing-dashboard.png)

Reviewer: Please, update the screenshot once the labels have been updated (CAM-9106)

Author: I have made it

### Billing Usage History
When you click on **Usage History** option under the **Billing** left menu item, you will be able to review your detailed billing information.

> When you enter this page, you can see a list with previous months billing summary, with the period of usage and the total credit and debit amounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enter this page, you can see a list with the previous months billing summary, including the period of usage and the total credit and debit amounts for each month.
```
